Bluetooth: Mesh: clean up for better integration with PSA (#84877)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/dfu.rst

:c:enumerator:`BT_MESH_DFU_EFFECT_UNPROV`

>   This effect is chosen if the composition data in the new firmware changes, the device doesn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This effect is chosen if the composition data in the new firmware changes, the device does not
```

  support the remote provisioning, and the new composition data takes effect after applying the

>   firmware. The effect can also be chosen, if it is necessary to unprovision the device for
>   application specific reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  firmware. The effect can also be chosen, if it is necessary to unprovision the device for
  application-specific reasons.
```
